[VAULT] AI section IA update (#3218)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x/content/ai/iam/reference/agent-reg-summary.mdx

Vault API.

Path                                                | Operations           | Description
--------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- | -----------
`agent-registry/register`                           | Create, Update       | Create a new registration or update the registartion whose `id` matches the value you provide
`agent-registry/registration/display-name/<name>`   | Read, Update, Delete | Manage registrations whose `display_name` matches the value you provide
`agent-registry/registration/id/<id>`               | Read, Update, Delete | Manage the registration whose `id` matches the value you provide
`agent-registry/registration/entity-id/<entity_id>` | Read                 | Manage the registration whose `entity_id` matches the value you provide
`agent-registry/registration/display-name`          | List                 | Fetch every registration `display_name` in the namespace
`agent-registry/registration/id`                    | List                 | Fetch every registration `id` in the namespace

<Note>

The Vault Terraform Provider does not currently support creating or editing

> existing agent registry records through the Vault Enterprise UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Vault Enterprise UI provides a read-only view of the agent registry.
```

Author: @miagilepner I removed the note about the provider and folded the information about the GUI into the page introduction :)
